---
title: My First Blog
description: A humble subtitle describing the blog in more details, should be written in sentence-case
topic: Blog
category: Category
authors:
  - name: Contributor 1
    avatar: contrib_1.png
  - name: Contributor 2
    avatar: contrib_2.png
tags:
  - blog
  - diary
  - example
updatedAt: 2022-11-18T11:37:49.432Z
createdAt: 2022-11-18T11:37:49.432Z
---

## A Great Start

It was a cold morning. I woke up at 6 o'clock sharp and get ready for hiking. After having the scrumptious French croissant along with a cup of exhilirating iced Americano for my breakfast, I stepped out my house with a strikingly palpable, overzealous mood and energy, ready to pulverize any bold obstacles that dares to get in my way.

## Indelible Memories

It was an incredible and wholesome experience to witness the majestic golden rays in the serene sky that intensifies as the sun rose higher in the sky. It was truly a sight to behold. Topping it up with the chilly breeze embracing my warm body as it flows through, I felt invigorating and overjoyed to say the least.

## An Anecdotal Incident

While I was making my way through the hilltop, I came across a wild black panther sleeping soundly beside the crystal-clear river, shimmering with dazzling sparkles. It was surreal and I managed to capture some photo of the beast before continuing my journey.

## References

::apa-reference
---
authors: 
  - Greenhouse, S
date: 2020, July 30
title: The coronavirus pandemic has intensified systemic economic racism against black Americans
publisher: The New Yorker
url: https://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/the-pandemic-has-intensified-systemic-economic-racism-against-black-americans
source: newspaper
---
::

::apa-reference
---
authors:
  - Lee, C
date: 2020, February 19
title: A tale of two reference formats
publisher: APA Style Blog
url: https://apastyle.apa.org/blog/two-reference-formats
source: blogs
---
::

::apa-reference
---
authors:
  - Rowlatt, J
date: 2020, October 19
title: Could cold water hold a clue to a dementia cure?
publisher: BBC News
url: https://www.bbc.com/news/health-54531075
source: online-news
---
::
